notes.md, before:

ideas / todos
figma:
https://www.figma.com/file/sqGzmCr1L1UPpUhwOzn4LK/webDevTestTask?node-id=0%3A1&t=D6qEQCpNN2J8xiTL-1

technologies: react, ts, tailwindcss,

Using Create react app
componnet with cart where we define single card
Componnent with cards where we get data from data base and showonly visible part(max should be visible 3)
Level up forms, filters etc

Use hooks to minimaze app reloading when we get data

frontend problems:
dimensions:
inside product elements have 290px width

counting space between selectors:

<!-- (1032 - 249*4)/3 = 12 (but space for each element should be devide by two so 6 for each element)-->

counting paddings inside product[px]:
(603 - 553)/2 = 25
height:

between image and first header:
501 - (200 + 289 ) = 12

padding below header:
73 - 44 = 29

between sections:
152 - (73 + 71) = 8

two padding above can be connected
8+29 = 37

gap for all products:

<!-- (1046 - 338*3) / 2 = 16-->

(problem with calculating other exact paddings, maybe with figma pro would be easier)

price in 53,31 zł x 60 rat is not correctly rounded to full price ? let's assume it is ok

padding inside buttons:
width: (150 - 70)/2 = 40
height: (36 - 16)/2 = 8

create component for input (we have 4 similar elements)

how to map enum values
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41308123/map-typescript-enum

need to find what is filterMethod type (type any now)

select is not controlled input - need to create db with categories -> should contain name for each category as well as polish version to show it

add option Wszystkie as first element in categories
how to handle multiple inputs -> visible products

make controlled input with select, options

images sometimes are hidded

I don't know based on what should I sort Popularność, let's assume it is default

!try to create class for different font size and reduce bit css

###############################################

optionals:

Set default visible washing maschines to 3
If user clicks button below then add other 3 (setstate)
Try to implement all code without show more button

Send env variables on notepad

**try to make this cool effect as on samsung.com - Washing machines shows slowly when scroll down
**Can we use here graphql to get only 6if user kliks plus maybe get another 6 elements and for other filter as well
**https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/graphql-apis-hasura/
**Test that on console.log(maybe first try to do it without graphql)
after installing react app -> found 6 high vulnerabilities
try to remove by running -> npm audit fix --force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAHkHj3I6Wg
https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/

\*\*vurnelabilities problem still appears possible solluton later
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71781795/react-npm-inefficient-regular-expression-complexity-in-nth-check

warning: git config --global core.autocrlf false

connection to mongodb docs
https://www.mongodb.com/resources/products/compatibilities/using-typescript-with-mongodb-tutorial?msockid=340a365083cd6d5a0c69239682df6c3f

error types string | undefined not assignable to type string solved by adding exclamation mark:
src/services/database.service.ts
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54496398/typescript-type-string-undefined-is-not-assignable-to-type-string

Commit message:

sorting by kgs and price works fine now

notes.md, after:

ideas / todos
figma:
https://www.figma.com/file/sqGzmCr1L1UPpUhwOzn4LK/webDevTestTask?node-id=0%3A1&t=D6qEQCpNN2J8xiTL-1

technologies: react, ts, tailwindcss,

Using Create react app
componnet with cart where we define single card
Componnent with cards where we get data from data base and showonly visible part(max should be visible 3)
Level up forms, filters etc

Use hooks to minimaze app reloading when we get data

frontend problems:
dimensions:
inside product elements have 290px width

counting space between selectors:

<!-- (1032 - 249*4)/3 = 12 (but space for each element should be devide by two so 6 for each element)-->

counting paddings inside product[px]:
(603 - 553)/2 = 25
height:

between image and first header:
501 - (200 + 289 ) = 12

padding below header:
73 - 44 = 29

between sections:
152 - (73 + 71) = 8

two padding above can be connected
8+29 = 37

gap for all products:

<!-- (1046 - 338*3) / 2 = 16-->

(problem with calculating other exact paddings, maybe with figma pro would be easier)

price in 53,31 zł x 60 rat is not correctly rounded to full price ? let's assume it is ok

padding inside buttons:
width: (150 - 70)/2 = 40
height: (36 - 16)/2 = 8

create component for input (we have 4 similar elements)

how to map enum values
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41308123/map-typescript-enum

need to find what is filterMethod type (type any now)

select is not controlled input - need to create db with categories -> should contain name for each category as well as polish version to show it

add option Wszystkie as first element in categories
how to handle multiple inputs -> visible products

make controlled input with select, options

images sometimes are hidded

I don't know based on what should I sort Popularność, let's assume it is default

!try to create class for different font size and reduce bit css

###############################################

optionals:

try to add enums instead of "Wszystkie" and other sorting values

Set default visible washing maschines to 3
If user clicks button below then add other 3 (setstate)
Try to implement all code without show more button

Send env variables on notepad

**try to make this cool effect as on samsung.com - Washing machines shows slowly when scroll down
**Can we use here graphql to get only 6if user kliks plus maybe get another 6 elements and for other filter as well
**https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/graphql-apis-hasura/
**Test that on console.log(maybe first try to do it without graphql)
after installing react app -> found 6 high vulnerabilities
try to remove by running -> npm audit fix --force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAHkHj3I6Wg
https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/

\*\*vurnelabilities problem still appears possible solluton later
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71781795/react-npm-inefficient-regular-expression-complexity-in-nth-check

warning: git config --global core.autocrlf false

connection to mongodb docs
https://www.mongodb.com/resources/products/compatibilities/using-typescript-with-mongodb-tutorial?msockid=340a365083cd6d5a0c69239682df6c3f

error types string | undefined not assignable to type string solved by adding exclamation mark:
src/services/database.service.ts
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54496398/typescript-type-string-undefined-is-not-assignable-to-type-string
